consumers should change their
meters from 110 volts to 220 volts
to proceed to access the new
kitchens induction change
cooking system to the electrical system
contemplates a subsidy of up to 80
kilowatts per household
the induction cookers come and with
they an investment or a kitchen
Four bulbs will cost approximately 300
Dollars
this cost will be in some way
financed for three years so that
Ecuadorian families have the
ease the electricity companies for their
part warn households should
change the meters from 110 to 220
volts and adjust the installation
electric for effect in houses
new or electrical installations
new will be how to put an air
conditioning the approximate cost of
said connection if we talk about a sector
popular for example the investment we are
talking about what could be 120
dollars that can be financed by the
electrical that will make the connection and you
will charge on the forms in comfortable
quotas for old houses the
recommendations is to change everything because
the old electrical installation consumes
more and that will be reflected in the
payroll better a single expense for a
medium term see results leaves already
our call
changes make them qualified
with suitable products so that
there is some kind of inconvenience like
a fire in any of the cases
a technician of the electric company will be
the one in charge of telling the owner of the house
new or old that is the most
convenient at the right time you
may request review and decision
then run their own businesses
who provide us services with all their
technicians and we are going to rush
to be able to give the service that does not take away
that also the one who wants to do it
particularly it can be
particularly 80 kilowatts for the
kitchens and 20 for the calefones so that
people go through a process of change
that is gradual will govern from August
of this year